Improve Developer's documentation (#1101)
openedx/docs.openedx.org: source/developers/quickstarts/so_you_want_to_contribute.rst

.. _qs Dev Contributing:

Quick Start: So You Want to Contribute to Open edX
##################################################

.. tags:: developer, quickstart

> So you've gone through :ref:`qs Dev First PR`, and you're ready to make a
> substantive contribution to Open edX. What's next?
> 
> .. contents::
>  :local:
>  :depth: 1
> 
> .. _Signing CLA:
> 
> Start Here!
> ************
> 
> Before we can merge your contribution you'll need to sign a Contributor
> License Agreement (CLA).  We suggest starting that process sooner rather than
> later.
> 
> #. If you are contributing as an individual go ahead and sign the Individual
>    Contributor Agreement.
> 
> #. If your work will be contributed as part of a company or institution, have
>    your team or company lead email ``legal@axim.org`` with your information.
> 
> 
> Process Overview
> **************************
> 
> Open edX follows a standard pull request review process, entirely using GitHub.
> Here's a simplified version of the PR process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So you have gone through :ref:`qs Dev First PR`, and you are ready to make a
substantive contribution to Open edX. What is next?

.. contents::
 :local:
 :depth: 1

.. _Signing CLA:

Start Here!
************

Before we can merge your contribution you will need to sign a Contributor
License Agreement (CLA).  We suggest starting that process sooner rather than
later.

#. If you are contributing as an individual go ahead and sign the Individual
   Contributor Agreement.

#. If your work will be contributed as part of a company or institution, have
   your team or company lead email ``legal@axim.org`` with your information.

Process Overview
**************************

Open edX follows a standard pull request review process, entirely using GitHub.
Here is a simplified version of the PR process:
```

Tutor or you can post in the `Development category on the Open edX forum
<https://discuss.openedx.org/c/development/11>`_ if you have questions about
set-up or development. 

Getting Support
**************************

Please using the `Open edX forums`_ to ask for help. First, search for your
question/issue/stack trace before asking a question, as it may already be
answered! We recommend first posting in the forums, *then* cross-posting the
link to your forums post in Slack if you want to draw more attention to your
post.

Why? The Slack history is deleted after 6 months but the forums never delete
history, so your questions there will be displayed to people searching for
similar questions in the future.

Making Your First Pull Request
*******************************

When you are ready to submit changes, create a :ref:`Pull Request <Contributing
Code>`. Don't forget about :ref:`signing your CLA <Signing CLA>`!

Follow the :ref:`Git workflow`, and the instructions for :ref:`Landing Your Work`.

#. Be sure to reference which ticket your code is resolving.

#. If you did work for a working group, post your pull request in the appropriate WG Slack channel.

> #. Communicate with the reviewer about the code and respond to feedback promptly.

Reviewer: In terms of selecting the reviewer(s), is the best practice to request a review from the GitHub group that maintains the repo (typically reported in a bot comment and found in `catalog-info.yaml`)? For instance if it is on edx-platform, request a review from `@openedx/wg-maintenance-edx-platform`?

If that is the common practice, I think it would be good to add a point here or in the next section about it.
